Document Liquid template rendering limits in Workflows docs (#6981)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/troubleshooting.md

The same applies to the `if` step's `condition`. Refer to [`data.filter`](/explore-analyze/workflows/steps/data.md#data-filter).

### A Liquid template fails with a rendering limit error [workflows-ts-liquid-limits]

**Symptom.** A step that renders a large template — often a `console` report — fails with an error such as `memory alloc limit exceeded`, `parse length limit exceeded`, or `render limit exceeded`.

**Cause.** The templating engine caps the size, render time, and memory of each template render. A template that builds a large string, such as a final report that concatenates thousands of rows, can exceed one of these limits.

> **Resolution.** Reduce the size of the rendered output: return structured data or write results to an index instead of formatting one large string, and move heavy filtering or grouping into [`data.*` steps](/explore-analyze/workflows/steps/data.md). Refer to [Template rendering limits](/explore-analyze/workflows/templating.md#workflows-template-limits).

Reviewer: The colon after rendered output feels a little out of place here
```suggestion
**Resolution.** Reduce the size of the rendered output by returning structured data or write results to an index instead of formatting one large string, and move heavy filtering or grouping into [`data.*` steps](/explore-analyze/workflows/steps/data.md). Refer to [Template rendering limits](/explore-analyze/workflows/templating.md#workflows-template-limits).
```
A possible update here, the colon feels a little out of place here. Or you can write it similar to how you did in Template rendering limits.
